
Node JS:

Node.js is an extremely powerful framework developed on Chrome’s V8 JavaScript engine that compiles the JavaScript directly into the native machine code. 
Node.js is an open-source and cross-platform runtime environment built on Chrome’s V8 JavaScript engine for executing JavaScript code outside of a browser.
You need to recollect that NodeJS isn’t a framework, and it’s not a programing language. It provides an event-driven, non-blocking (asynchronous) I/O and 
cross-platform runtime environment for building highly scalable server-side applications using JavaScript.

It is written in C, C++ and JavaScript languages
Used for building fast and scalable server-side networking applications
Node.js has many different frameworks like Sails.js, Partial.js, and Express.js, etc.
Node.js also provides a rich library of various JavaScript modules to simplify the development of web applications.



Node.js is widely used in the following applications:

Real-time chats
Internet of Things
Complex SPAs (Single-Page Applications)
Real-time collaboration tools
Streaming applications

Install Node.js on Windows

Node js Program Example

Node.js Global Objects:
Node.js global objects are global in nature and available in all modules. 
You don't need to include these objects in your application; rather they can be used directly.

__dirname
__filename
Console
Process
Buffer
Timing Functions


Node Package Manager NPM:
NPM is the default package manager for Node.js and is written entirely in Javascrip. NPM manages all the 
packages and modules for Node.js and consists of command line client npm. 
It gets installed into the system with installation of Node.js. 
The required packages and modules in Node project are installed using NPM

Check npm installed or not:
npm -v

package.json file:
All npm packages contain a file, usually in the project root directory, called package.json - this file holds various metadata relevant to the project
The dependencies field is used to list all the dependencies of your project that are available on npm. 
When someone installs your project through npm, all the dependencies listed will be installed as well.

To create package.json file run following command:
npm init

basic npm commands:

npm install package_name
npm install package_name --save  // for save in package.json file.
npm install package_name -g
npm install package_name --dev

npm update package_name
npm uninstall package_name
npm help json



Node.js Modules
In Node.js, Modules are the blocks of encapsulated code that communicates with an external application on the 
basis of their related functionality. Modules can be a single file or a collection of multiples files/folders. 

Modules are of three types:
	Core Modules
		Node.js has many built-in modules that are part of the platform and comes with Node.js installation.
		These modules can be loaded into the program by using the require function.

	local Modules:
		Unlike built-in and external modules, local modules are created locally in your Node.js application

	Third-party Modules:
		Third-party modules are modules that are available online using the Node Package Manager(NPM).
		These modules can be installed in the project folder or globally






